# Privacy Policy

Inspired Inklings Limited built the Menō app as a Free app. This service is provided by Inspired Inklings Limited at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Menō unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. 

### Definitions and key terms

To help explain things as clearly as possible in this Privacy Policy, every time any of these terms are referenced, are strictly defined aS: 
Cookie: a small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. It is used to identify your browser, provide analytics, and remember information about you such as your language preference or login information. 
- Company: When this policy mentions "Company," "we," "us," or "our," it refers to Inspired Inklings Limited, Lagos, Nigeria is responsible for your information under this Privacy Policy.  -
- Country: Where Menō or the owners/founders of Menō are based, in this case, is Nigeria. 
- Customer: refers to the company, organization or person that signs up to use the Menō Service to manage the relationships with your consumers or service users. 
- Device: any internet-connected device such as a phone, tablet, computer or any other device that can be used to visit Menō and use the services. 
- IP address: Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. 
- Personnel: refers to those individuals who are employed by Menō or are under contract to perform a service on behalf of one of the parties. 
- Personal Data: any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information- including a personal identification number- allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person. 
- Service: refers to the service provided by Menō as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this platform. 
- Third-party service: refers to advertisers, contest sponsors, promotional and marketing partners, and others who provide our content or whose products or services we think may interest you. 
- You: a person or entity that is registered with Menō to use the Services. 

### Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, at the moment. The information that we may request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.

Usage Data: Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device. The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you. 
Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app
- Google Play Services
- Apple

### Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

### Service Providers

We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
- To facilitate our Service; 
- To provide the Service on our behalf; 
- To perform Service-related services; or 
- To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

### Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services. 

### Governing Law

Menō is based in and operates from Nigeria, and, regardless of where you use or access our platforms, applications, products, or services, Please note that any information we obtain about you will be stored in accordance with Nigerian privacy laws, regulations and standards, which may not be equivalent to the laws in your country of residence. By using our services, you consent to the collection, transfer, storage and processing of information to and in Nigeria.

### Kids Privacy

We collect information from kids under the age of 13 just to better our services. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data without your permission, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from our servers.

### Your Consent

By using our service, you consent to this Privacy Policy. 

### Changes to This Privacy Policy 

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2023-02-14

### Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us
- Via Email: [inklingsops@gmail.com](mailto:inklingsops@gmail.com) 
- Via Phone Number: +2349057030261